The city is hosting a golf championship, and we are so excited to reach out to all of these international visitors.
This was the first time in Charlotte that we had such a major sporting event.
People would be coming from some 60 countries, a total of some 200,000 were expected.
And so when the branch contacted us and said this was a special public witnessing initiative,
we knew that we wanted to do our very best to reach as many of those people as possible.
It was about advertising JW.org, Jehovah and the Kingdom.
And so we were looking at what would give the greatest visibility to the cart and our effort.
The branch office was very, very supportive. They gave us good direction.
They put us in touch with brothers that have been involved in organizing a public witnessing initiative for another large sports event.
And they provided us with so much insight from their experience.
This was the first time that some five circuits, 75 caringations, multiple language groups got a chance to work on one project together.
We ended up with 48 locations and some 1400 publishers trained to man these locations.
We were running shifts from six in the morning until eight at night.
Organization and scheduling was the key and they did it beautifully.
With public witnessing, individuals often come to us because they see our smiling faces.
We try to maintain a friendly disposition, a happy one.
We always try to make eye contact.
And if it's morning, we greet them with a good morning.
One sister said that she smiled people over to the cart and that's really what a smile can do.
They're looking for something to make them happy to enjoy life and you represent that just by smiling.
When they see a topic that catches their attention and internally they're asking themselves these questions.
If they really want to find the answers, they'll come over.
You can see as cars pass by that they're taking note of our presence and it's a witness of itself.
We've had individuals stop their cars and wave us over to bring the literature to them.
They might just turn briefly but they'll see the cart, they'll see JWB.org.
We talk to people from all over the world.
A man came by, he was from the southern part of Ukraine.
He wanted to know what is this all about.
So I explained the Bible educational work, I explained how at the website he can read literature online in his language.
It was quite impressed.
And then he brought his friend over who was visiting from Kazakhstan and in Russian explained what the cart was all about and what we were doing there.
This work has had a real invigorating effect.
One sister said, now I no longer think simply in terms of literature placement, I think in terms of looks and smiles.
It identified brothers and sisters who are now excited about doing public witnessing.
We're getting it to opportunity through public witnessing to reach people that we hadn't reached any other way.
We got to talk to so many people about our website that otherwise would have never known about it.
It's really that life-saving message that they're getting the opportunity to see perhaps for the first time when they see these public witnessing carts.
When it was all said and done, this was an outstanding success.
This public witnessing campaign had such a positive effect upon the community.
Through this special effort we were able to show true hospitality to these visitors from all over the world.
After the excitement and seeing the productivity of this work, many were commenting, hey when are we going to do this again?
The final result was a witness beyond anything we could have imagined at the very outset.